Add optional logging of generated prompt/response (#80)
explosion/spacy-llm: README.md

my_other_config_val = 0.3
```

## Logging

spacy-llm has a built-in logger that can log the actual prompt sent to the Backend LLM as well as the raw response sent back from the LLM. This logger uses the debug level and by default has a `logging.NullHandler()` configured.

In order to use this logger, you can setup a simple handler like this:

```python
import logging
import spacy_llm

spacy_llm.logger.addHandler(logging.StreamHandler())
spacy_llm.logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)
```

> NOTE: Any `logging` handler will work here so you probably want to use some sort of rotating `FileHandler` as the generated prompts can be quite long, especially for tasks with few-shot examples.

Then when using the pipeline you'll be able to view the prompt and response.

e.g. with the config and code from [Example 1](##example-1-add-a-text-classifier-using-a-gpt-3-model-from-openai) above

```python
from spacy import util

config = util.load_config("config.cfg")

> nlp = util.load_model_from_config(config, auto_fill=True)

Reviewer: Update this to use `assemble`

my_other_config_val = 0.3
```

## Logging

> spacy-llm has a built-in logger that can log the actual prompt sent to the Backend LLM as well as the raw response sent back from the LLM. This logger uses the debug level and by default has a `logging.NullHandler()` configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
spacy-llm has a built-in logger that can log the prompt sent to the LLM as well as its raw response. This logger uses the debug level and by default has a `logging.NullHandler()` configured.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also describe what `logging.NullHandler()` does?

In order to use this logger, you can setup a simple handler like this:

```python
import logging
import spacy_llm

spacy_llm.logger.addHandler(logging.StreamHandler())
spacy_llm.logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)
```

> NOTE: Any `logging` handler will work here so you probably want to use some sort of rotating `FileHandler` as the generated prompts can be quite long, especially for tasks with few-shot examples.

Then when using the pipeline you'll be able to view the prompt and response.

> e.g. with the config and code from [Example 1](##example-1-add-a-text-classifier-using-a-gpt-3-model-from-openai) above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
E.g. with the config and code from [Example 1](##example-1-add-a-text-classifier-using-a-gpt-3-model-from-openai) above:
```

Author: Wait shouldn't this be lowercase?

Reviewer: I agree with Raphael here.

```python
from spacy_llm.util import assemble

nlp = assemble("config.cfg")
doc = nlp("You look gorgeous!")
print(doc.cats)
```

You will see `logging` output similar to:

```
Generated prompt for doc: You look gorgeous!

You are an expert Text Classification system. Your task is to accept Text as input
and provide a category for the text based on the predefined labels.

Classify the text below to any of the following labels: COMPLIMENT, INSULT
The task is non-exclusive, so you can provide more than one label as long as
they're comma-delimited. For example: Label1, Label2, Label3.
Do not put any other text in your answer, only one or more of the provided labels with nothing before or after.
If the text cannot be classified into any of the provided labels, answer `==NONE==`.

Here is the text that needs classification

Text:
'''
You look gorgeous!
'''

Backend response for doc: You look gorgeous!
COMPLIMENT
```

> And the `print` of doc.cats to standard output should look like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`print(doc.cats)` to standard output should look like:
```
